[CAS-1168] Feature/extract firebase to another artifact (#2155)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: UNRELEASED_CHANGELOG.md

### ✅ Added

### ⚠️ Changed

> - Firebase dependecies have been extract from our SDK. If you want to continue working with Firebase Push Notification you need to add `stream-chat-android-pushprovider-firebase` artifact to your App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🚨 Breaking change: Firebase dependencies have been extracted from our SDK. If you want to continue working with Firebase Push Notification you need to add `stream-chat-android-pushprovider-firebase` artifact to your App
```
